[Music]
beautiful day City I hope you guys are
having the best day ever and it's true
that's why I have the YouTube enter name
is Elliott he's from San Diego he's 16
years old hello
[Music]
we're gonna talk a little bit about an
internship YouTube internship in a
minute but before what Hey
are Sam and Sean that really just laugh
we just finished we go outside okay I
also want to introduce you guys to
someone the internet friend who's not a
real life friend this is holiday
hey so how would people know you work
Pete McKinnon my good bud you guys know
him yeah shonduras all started us on all
service Shawn tanner Fox I love you try
to I love to try to see cool stuff for
John okay so like and I met her just
like 10 minutes ago I was like oh yeah
so like what are you doing put your name
Oliver
and then I mean I went on YouTube and I
was like wait you're the girl that made
the Casey nice that video and then in an
hour since then we've been best friends
best friends forever yeah what do we go
to California and John and I need to
come hang apparently you have a cool
thing podcast where a house in my house
dun dun hey your cape even
I just I died Sam's here as well I who
else am I gonna pull like someone else
over here Mike so what do you try
ordering way too much food as always so
we're gonna try to give it away to some
homeless people I'm kidding I don't want
to assume this that was a joke you like
ticking off radio I can interest you in
chicken alfredo free with bread are you
an operator with garlic bread I can
offer you some pre today it's thanks for
watching like
[Music]
I'm interrupting this program for 30
seconds to remind you of the epicness
that is surrounding today so yesterday I
posted a new that creative life episode
where I show you the behind the scenes
of how this oh wait don't show don't
show them I now have a neon peach sign
in my office but I took it a step
further and showed you where it was made
it was this epic shop and also tomorrow
my podcast is start there is a YouTube
channel for it but you can also download
it on Apple iTunes podcaster anywhere
where you listen to podcasts so that'll
all be linked in the description below
guess who my first guest is I just
wanted to drop his name Gary Vaynerchuk
[Music]
he's the first guest on the podcast on
the creative exchange to make sure to
StayTuned all of the links are in
description below well let's keep this
video gone let's keep it going
okay lunch was so fun I had no idea the
one and only Tanner Fox was coming to
lunch I have seen what he's done from
afar and have always been kind of like
yes epic and he actually listened Tina
you go right by me there you go so this
is Elliott who I intrude and that's
beginning so this is my first intern so
basically how I first knew him as he won
a giveaway that we followed each other
Twitter our moms have talked on Twitter
so when he sent me a sick package of
sorts with peachy cookies I was like ah
yeah let's make it happen what have you
been doing so far I've been working on
your micro content and like helping with
your videos like editing like the main
part where you're talking I make big
videos for YouTube that are 10 to 15
minutes but I also am obsessed with
Twitter and Instagram and beyond the
post that I occasionally post there
Twitter I post all the time but
basically I just want my videos to have
a longer life on other social media so
you've been helping me make those big
videos chop them up into smaller videos
and you got to go to the DJ oh my gosh
dream come true so I'm gonna put you on
the spot what is something that you have
learned
I have learned your editing style more
so when I first came it was kind of hard
to adjust from what I knew and
transitioning over to your videos but I
think I've gotten better at it that's
why it's so difficult to scale you as a
human if you're making videos for a
living because over the years as you do
it more you develop a certain style and
that's very hard to teach people and to
have people mimic so it's a process you
have your own YouTube channel mm-hmm you
have Ben you're 16 but you've been
making stuff since like I was 6 years
old yeah I taught myself final count
when I was like 10 the next step is to
get him on premiere I've been thinking
about this idea of an intern and working
for free a lot everything that I have
now was built upon projects that I just
decided to pursue you know it was really
built on free work and doing stuff for
package sheet because that would lead me
to oh this person that's going to lead
me to this job I talked about this a
little bit recently in my previous video
how one conference and one really small
job changed my life for ever' especially
at the beginning of you being a
photographer a video agra fort a content
creator of any kind you just have to do
it you have to make your own project so
you can have this backlog of work a
portfolio to then show potential clients
and show people and present yourself in
a manner that you're proud of that you
can charge for but in order to get to
that level you know you have to have
experiences but here's the thing with
internships usually it has to do with a
certain physical location not everyone
can come up to New York for a month and
be my apprentice person but guys guess
what the internet exists I want to do my
part and trying to start some like more
of a tight-knit community for people who
want to make videos so I want to start
this little Internet community on
discord it's basically a chat app it's
similar to splack I'm gonna do Q&A there
you
a direct line to me maybe do a monthly
livestream and basically right now it's
just a community to go and chat with
like-minded individuals and content
creators who are on this same journey
and then I'm gonna hop in there and
answer any of your questions but you
need every announcement I want to do a
lot of things with this but I don't want
to get too ahead of myself because I
want to see if it's something that
you're excited about you know maybe I'll
do enging challenges every now and then
where it's like take my last video and
make a really funny one minute meme
video out of it or something and then
I'll post it to my Twitter Instagram and
tag tag you know the person who made it
I'm super excited about the discord
community where we can chat it up but
also what is like an hour a day that you
can set aside to pursue and learn about
what you want to do maybe it means one
less Netflix show maybe I means an hour
less of YouTube consumption I know I
love YouTube I think everyone is closer
than they think to where they want to be
it's just make if the Internet has all
of the information you need basically I
just want to be a small part of your
journey and that's why I'm excited about
the disc core community and where it
will go
I know it's super broad in general right
now but I'm excited to see how it
evolves over time this is the cutest
Sara and Cody okay this is like the
absolute cutest Street ever it's just a
cobblestone street in the middle of
Manhattan no cars come down I'm hanging
out with Cody and Sarah we're gonna grab
some grub
Manhattan the surrounding boroughs it's
always so surprising the little cool
things that are here and they're the
events that go on oh oh so we just
finished up dinner but there's so many
cute little back roads here is New York
and here it's like like a movie set
oh wow just another night in New York
City I mean look at this area there's
music playing there's lights going on
instead of pirate I live on the west
side of Manhattan so very rarely do I
come today are you sorry
so it's like this is a completely
different side of Manhattan that I feel
like I never see and apparently they
have pirate ships
[Music]
hey have you guys subscribed yet I mean
seriously you made it this far in the
video and you're not subscribed Derral
dance if you subscribe well I hope you
guys enjoyed
just a light spectacle so much I can't
dance but Cody took care of all the
dance such a beautiful way to end the
night make sure to check out the discord
link in description below to really
become a part of this tight-knit
creative community from the most amazing
city ever good night thanks for watching
and subscribe to everyone who was in the
video today well I might have you liked
this video hit that subscribe button too
I feel like I said that I'm tired sit
along David's in a good day I'm excited
for everything that's coming up so stay
peachy
are you peachy Cody are you pgp so PG
whoo it's the peachy day okay
[Music]
oh no no I can't do a peach but I can do
a splotch they die a baby a dog a cat
we'll let you know when it's hungry
let's don't let you know when they're
hungry B - I don't know anything about B
- Sam's the one who knows everything
about me - I wish I had more secrets
Sam's the one with the secret savvy -
bloggers is that I think it'll be called
V - I just want to say that if you go to
a YouTube video and you're watching it
right especially this one right now and
you click the read more in the
description down below you'll see my
link for my tumblr for new videos every
single week until next time
you